Update binary ops for new form (#1231)
pace-neutrons/Horace: documentation/user_docs/docs/manual/Binary_operations.rst

Binary operations
#################

Binary operations between two objects can be applied in a variety of ways in Horace. You can either use the
symbolic form (``+``, ``-`` , ``*``, ``/``, ``\``), or you can use the explicit function names (``plus, minus, mtimes,
mrdivide``, ``mldivide``, etc.).

sqw objects
===========

> Let us take for our example the addition operator ``+``, and our initial ``sqw`` object is called ``w1`` and has an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let us take for our example the addition operator ``+``. Our initial ``sqw`` object is called ``w1`` and has an
```
the "and" here doesn't really work

attached ``pix`` array.

.. note::

   In the case of ``sqw`` objects, binary operations transform the ``signal`` and ``variance`` elements of the pixel data.
..
   .. note::

>       You can have an ``sqw`` object without the pix array by converting a ``dnd`` to ``sqw``. Though this is inadvisable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      You can have an ``sqw`` object without the pix array by converting a ``dnd`` to ``sqw``, though this is inadvisable.
```

Single sqw object
-----------------

You can add values to ``w1`` in the following ways:

> - ``w2_sqw`` is an ``sqw`` object with a pix array of identical size to the pix array of ``w1``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- by adding an ``sqw`` object with a pix array of identical size (here ``w2_sqw``) to the pix array of ``w1``.
```

  ::

     wout = w1 + w2_sqw;

.. note::

   A common use for this is when a background dataset has been created that maps exactly onto the real dataset, and
   needs to be subtracted.

> - ``w2_dnd`` is a ``dnd`` object commensurate with ``w1.data``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- by adding a ``dnd`` object (here ``w2_dnd``) commensurate with ``w1.data``
```

  ::

     wout = w1 + w2_dnd;

> - ``num`` is a numeric array of the same size as the pix array of ``w1``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- by adding a numeric array (here ``num``) of the same size as the pix array of ``w1``.
```

  ::

     wout = w1 + num;

> - ``scalar`` is a single number, e.g. if you want to add 4.782 to all of the data in ``w1``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- by adding a single number (here ``scalar``) to all of the data in ``w1``.
```
Your example of 4.782 is good but in that case you should use that number, not ``scalar``.

  ::

     wout = w1 + scalar;

..
   - ``w2_sqw_dnd_type`` is an sqw of dnd type (i.e. no it has pix array) whose plot axes overlap exactly with those of
     ``w1``. An example is taking a 1d cut along the energy axis from two different regions of reciprocal space, and then
     adding or subtracting one from the other. In this case the output will be a sqw object of dnd type, since the pixel
     information has lost its connection with the signal and error that are plottable.

     ::
        wout = w1 + w2_sqw_dnd_type;

Array of sqw objects
--------------------

You can use the same binary operation syntax as for single sqw objects, with the following conditions

> - ``w2_sqw`` is either a scalar ``sqw`` object of commensurate size, or an array of ``sqw`` objects of commensurate size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``w2_sqw`` is either a scalar ``sqw`` object of commensurate size to all the sqw objects in the array, or an array of ``sqw`` objects with each object of commensurate size
```

>   with each element of ``w1`` respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to its corresponding element in ``w1``.
```
To be honest, the original looked perfectly OK.

..
   - ``w2_sqw_dnd`` is as above, i.e. an array of dnd-type sqw objects whose plot axes match element by element those of
   the array ``w1``.

- ``w2_dnd`` same rules as for sqw of dnd type above.

- ``num`` is a numeric array following the size rules above.

- ``scalar`` the same scalar is subtracted from every pix array in the array of sqw objects.

dnd objects
===========

> Let us again take for our example the addition operator ``+``, and our initial ``dnd`` object is called ``w1`` .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let us again take for our example the addition operator ``+``, with our initial ``dnd`` object called ``w1`` .
```

.. note::

   In the case of ``dnd`` objects, binary operations transform the ``s`` and ``e`` matrices

Single dnd object
-----------------

You can add values to ``w1`` in the following ways:

> - ``w2_sqw`` is an ``sqw`` object a ``dnd`` (in ``data``) of identical size to ``w1``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``w2_sqw`` is an ``sqw`` object with a ``dnd`` (in ``data``) of identical size to ``w1``.
```

  ::

     wout = w1 + w2_sqw;

- ``w2_dnd`` is a ``dnd`` object commensurate with ``w1``.

  ::

     wout = w1 + w2_dnd;

- ``num`` is a numeric array of the same size as the arrays of ``w1``.

  ::

     wout = w1 + num;

> - ``scalar`` is a single number, e.g. if you want to add 4.782 to all of the data in ``w1``.

Reviewer: put the value instead of scalar as above

  ::

     wout = w1 + scalar;

Array of dnd objects
--------------------

Similar to arrays of sqw objects.

As for sqw objects, arrays have to be the same size as the array of dnd objects with respectively commensurate array

> sizes or a scalar object as the same size of each.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sizes, or a scalar object as the same size of each.
```

List of operations and their equivalent code
--------------------------------------------

The arithmetic operations above correspond to equivalent Matlab functions. You should never need to use these, but for

> reference the corresponding functions are:

Reviewer: Just a comment on MD formatting. We are encouraged to put frequent \n in our text to make separate lines for reviewing and working with the raw text. It would be good to have even shorter lines so that they fit within one half of a split-screen github comparison.

::

   w1 + w2 --> plus(w1,w2)
   w1 - w2 --> minus(w1,w2)

>    w1 * w2 --> mtimes(w1,w2)

Reviewer: Checking we need * rather than .* (and equivalently for the rest) - and, given comments from Excitations on understanding the .op usage, explicitly comment that it either is or is not .op. I know you say this at 153-4 below, but it is not clear which is the Matlab that you would use and which is a conceptual languge-agnostic description. Better to display the actual Matlab usage here.

Author: This is the command issued by the user to run the command and should be left as-is both on the left and right. The warning below describes how this may be different to expectations based on MATLAB.
